Add Kylie to team page (#2540)
sourcegraph/about: company/team/index.md

- [manuel@sourcegraph.com](mailto:manuel@sourcegraph.com), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/manuel-ucles-444080151/)
- Manny is from Honduras 🇭🇳 but has lived in Phoenix, Arizona most of his life. He enjoys playing basketball, chess and does boxing/MMA in his spare time. Prior to Sourcegraph, Manny worked as an Application Engineer at Freedom Financial. He also has experience as a Software Engineer at Mckesson and a Data Analyst at Uber.

## Kylie Fligstein (she/her)

- Executive Business Partner to VP of Product
- Oakland, CA, USA 🇺🇸 

> - GitHub: kyfli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GitHub: [kyfli](https://github.com/kyfli)
```

- [kylie@sourcegraph.com](mailto:kylie@sourcegraph.com), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kylie-fligstein/)

> - Kylie is PomChi mother to a young pup named Nooks. She spends her time eating her way through Eater lists, reviewing restaurants, and once upon a time, throwing elaborate dinner parties filled with craft cocktails, fine wine, fermented foods, and usually involving a sous vide. She's a solution oriented exectuor, with an emphasis on following up & through. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Kylie is mother to a young PomChi, Nooks. She spends her time eating her way through Eater lists, reviewing restaurants, and once upon a time, throwing elaborate dinner parties filled with craft cocktails, fine wine, fermented foods, and usually involving a sous vide. She's a solution oriented executor, with an emphasis on following up & through. 
```
